Intro music
Universal design is the design of products or environments to allow access to all individuals
without the need for specialized accommodations.
A classic example of universal design is the curb-cut in sidewalks.
Curb-cuts allow those in wheelchairs to safely move from the sidewalk to the curb;
but they also help those with strollers, scooters, shopping carts, bikes, or even luggage on wheels.
They inherently accommodate varying needs.
These same principles for universal design can be applied to education and training.
Universal Design for Learning aims to target the needs of all learners.
As a global company and with an ever-increasing workforce,
designing training inclusive of a broad audience is essential.
At the core of Universal Design for Learning is allowing for multiple methods of expression.
This means providing variety in our content delivery, methods of engagement, and ways of assessing knowledge.
Let’s talk about some suggestions for ways to incorporate this variety.
You could vary the media you present to include both auditory and visual options.
Use graphics or examples representative of varying backgrounds, races, ethnicities, or genders.
Use inclusive language such as people, individuals, employees, or colleagues.
Avoid idioms or cultural references that may not translate to a global audience.
Activate background knowledge for varying experience levels or industries.
Give learners different ways to demonstrate their knowledge
like hands-on projects, multiple-choice questions, written responses, or auditory replies.
It can start to feel overwhelming when you begin to broaden your audience,
but remember, the key word is multiple.
Including an example in a training from every race, nationality, religion, sexual orientation,
gender, gender identity, socio-economic status, or any other characteristic or protected class
is neither practical nor possible.
However, the seemingly small changes you make in considering a broader audience
can affect more people than you think.
An example of designing for a broader training audience is the use of closed captions or transcripts.
Captions or transcripts provide the option of written text in addition to listening to auditory speech.
You might think this only helps those who are deaf,
but it also helps those who are English language learners or who have a learning disability.
It could even allow you to access the content if you’ve simply forgotten your headphones
and want to watch a video in a public space.
Just like the curb-cuts we mentioned at the beginning,
the use of captions or transcripts inherently meets the needs of a variety of learners.
It’s pretty common to design educational experiences based on how we,
as the course designers, learn most effectively.
But by remembering to provide multiple means of engagement or content presentation,
we can better address a broad, global audience
with varying abilities, learning styles, and preferences.